Execute repository related tasks by running git commands in the docker container handling sources.

Usage: mhk sources list
       mhk sources clone URL TOK DIR  Clone sources from git repository
                                      with url URL and token TOK into mhk-home/sources/DIR

       mhk sources DIR COMMAND ARGS
       mhk sources --help

DIR: name of dir inside mhk-home/sources
COMMAND is a git command to be run inside the directory specified by DIR
ARGS: optional arguments to be passed to the git command. Do git --help or git COMMAND --help for more information.

    list                   List directories with sources
    clone URL TOK DIR      Clone sources from git repository
                           with url URL and token TOK into mhk-home/sources/DIR
    clone URL TOK DIR ARGS Same as before use ARGS = --recurse-submodules to clone rep with submodules
    DIR status ARGS        Git status of a source directory (optional args to git status)
    DIR log ARGS           Git log
    DIR user-info first-name last-name email
                           Store user name and email in git configuration so it is used in commits.
                           This is necessary for commits.
   DIR user-info --show    Show current user name and email for commits in DIR.
   DIR COMMAND ARGS        Git command and args will be run inside docker container.
   --help                  This information

Examples:
    mhk sources list
    mhk sources clone https://github.com/timelink-project/sources-contrib.git 336b0...2d847db mysourcedir
    mhk sources mysourcedir status      Status of the repository soure-fontes
    mhk sources mysourcedir log         Commit messages on repository soure-fontes
    mhk sources mysourcedir log -N --relative-date
                                         Last N commit messages with relative dates
                                         (as in other commands extra arguments are passed to git)
    mhk sources mysourcedir user-info "Joaquim Carvalho" joaquim@uc.pt
                                        Set user name and email for commit in mysourcedir. Quotes around the name
                                        are important. If not set before commit, they will be asked.
